
Release notes: Open GEE 5.3.8

The Open GEE 5.3.8 release is supported on 64-bit versions of the
following operating systems:

Red Hat Enterprise Linux version 7.x, including the most recent
security patches

CentOS 7.x

Ubuntu 16.04 LTS

Google Earth Enterprise 5.3.8 is compatible with Google Earth
Enterprise Client (EC) version 7.1.5 and above.

To upgrade from Open GEE 5.2.0, do NOT uninstall it. We recommend that
you upgrade Open GEE 5.2.0 by simply installing Open GEE 5.3.8.
Installing Open GEE 5.3.8 on top of Open GEE 5.2.0 will ensure that
your PostgreSQL databases are backed up and upgraded correctly to the
new PostgreSQL version used by Open GEE 5.3.8.

-[ Resolved Issues ]-

      Number  Description  Resolution  1946  Cannot create databases
from Fusion UI  resolved  1927  Segmentation fault can occur when
accessing transparent tiles  resolved  1925  Fusion cannot process
very high level images  resolved  1913  Fix user home directory
permissions  resolved  1912  RPMs can install in the wrong order when
they are installed in a single transaction  resolved  1910  Slow
publish root configuration during upgrades  resolved  1905  Improperly
formatted icon requests to portables can crash the server  resolved
1903  Enable unit tests disabled during Qt4 upgrade  resolved  1902
Fix issues with applications using Fusion Maps API when they aren't
hosted on the GEE Server  resolved  1891  Update libcurl to latest
version (>=7.74)  resolved  1885  Upgrade to Apache 2.4.46  resolved
1674  Error importing vector resources with full path right after
install  resolved

-[ Known Issues ]-

See the

GitHub issues page

 for a list of known issues.
